General improvements (#2)
zizicharter/python-polygon-painter: 02-turtle.md

```
import turtle as t
```

> This means we don't have to type `Turtle` every time we want to use its function - we can just use `t` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means we don't have to type `turtle.` in front of a function name every time we want to use one of the functions from the library - we can just use `t.` instead as you will see below.
```

```

> t.teleport(35, 75) # Move turtle from where it is to the coordinate (35, 75) without drawing anything

Reviewer: The version of Debian installed by the [autoinstall](https://github.com/livewires/autoinstall) repo comes with Python 3.9 and so the `teleport` function won't be available at LiveWires.

Author: I will leave it anyway in case it we ever use 3.12+ because it I think it is a useful function and I don't want to forget about it then.

> 💡 Exercise: Try setting the background colour to green.

### Screen size

You can find out what the screen size of the Turtle window is with the `screensize` function.

```
size = t.screensize()
```

This will return a tuple (a way of storing multiple items in a single variable). The first item in the tuple is the screen width and you can access it with:

```
width = size[0]
```
The second item is the height:

```
height = size[1]
```

> You can also use the same function to set the screen size to what ever you would like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the same function to set the screen size to whatever you would like.
```

```
t.screensize(100, 200)
```

> This will make the screen a rectangle 100 wide by 200 tall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will make the screen a rectangle 100 pixels wide by 200 pixels tall.
```
